README.md, before:

##MendelMax 1.6 fulfilled by Terawatt Industries
This repository is the open-source MendelMax 1.6 kit fulfilled by Terawatt Industries.  The MendelMax 1.6 was formerly known as the "MendelMax 1.5 for LM8UU" and has evolved with several modified parts.  Modifications include 8mm z-axis parts and Kuehling's x-ends, x-carriage, adjustable y-rods, 00str00der options, extrusion clamps, and more!

NOTE:  development has ceased on this design.

This repository contains the matching printed (plastic) parts for the MandelMax 1.6 and MendelMax 1.5 printer for use with LM8UU bearings on all axes.  Many design files are STLs,
since the MendelMax 1.5 was originally designed in Alibre CAD - proprietary software.  However several of the Terawatt Industries modifications are available in SCAD and published on our Githubiverse site elsewhere - for example RAMPS mounts, extrusion clips, and z-top constraints.

NOTE:  SCADs for the x-ends are available at our Githubiverse page.

##Bill of Materials
See the Terawatt Industries site (http://www.terawattindustries.com) for vitamins that fulfill the BOM for this great machine.

##Assembly Instructions
1. [http://mendelmax.terawattindustries.com/assembly/index.html](http://mendelmax.terawattindustries.com/assembly/index.html)
1. [http://mendelmax.terawattindustries.com/extruder/index.html](http://mendelmax.terawattindustries.com/extruder/index.html)
1. [http://mendelmax.terawattindustries.com/wiring/index.html](http://mendelmax.terawattindustries.com/wiring/index.html)

##Open Source Ancestors
1. [MendelMax 1.5 for LM10UU](http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:20355)
1. [X-Ends](http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:18384)
1. [Z-Top Rod Constraints](http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:9864)

##Credits
Special thanks to Kludgineer, the designer of the MendelMax; Josef Prusa for sharing the Prusa Mendel design; Jonas Kuehling for his excellent parts designs; Trinity Labs for the assembly guide; Scribble for the z-top constraints; and all open source developers.

Commit message:

updated readme for repo tags;

README.md, after:

##MendelMax 1.6 fulfilled by Terawatt Industries
This repository is the open-source MendelMax 1.6 kit fulfilled by Terawatt Industries.  The MendelMax 1.6 was formerly known as the "MendelMax 1.5 for LM8UU" and has evolved with several modified parts.  Modifications include 8mm z-axis parts and Kuehling's x-ends, x-carriage, adjustable y-rods, 00str00der options, extrusion clamps, and more!

NOTE:  development has ceased on this design as of version 1.6.

This repository contains the matching printed (plastic) parts for the MandelMax 1.6 and MendelMax 1.5 printer for use with LM8UU bearings on all axes.  Many design files are STLs since the MendelMax 1.5 was originally designed in Alibre CAD - proprietary software.  However several of the Terawatt Industries modifications are available in SCAD and published on our Githubiverse site - for example RAMPS mounts, extrusion clips, and z-top constraints.

NOTE:  SCADs for the x-ends are available at our Githubiverse page.

##Bill of Materials
See the Terawatt Industries site (http://www.terawattindustries.com) for vitamins that fulfill the BOM for this great machine.

##Assembly Instructions
1. [http://mendelmax.terawattindustries.com/assembly/index.html](http://mendelmax.terawattindustries.com/assembly/index.html)
1. [http://mendelmax.terawattindustries.com/extruder/index.html](http://mendelmax.terawattindustries.com/extruder/index.html)
1. [http://mendelmax.terawattindustries.com/wiring/index.html](http://mendelmax.terawattindustries.com/wiring/index.html)

##Releases
This repository contains Git tags for the MendelMax 1.5 for LM8UU STL files and MendelMax 1.6 STL files.  See https://github.com/Terawatt-Industries/mendelmax/releases for the tag list.

##Open Source Ancestors
1. [MendelMax 1.5 for LM10UU](http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:20355)
1. [X-Ends](http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:18384)
1. [Z-Top Rod Constraints](http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:9864)

##Credits
Special thanks to Kludgineer, the designer of the MendelMax; Josef Prusa for sharing the Prusa Mendel design; Jonas Kuehling for his excellent parts designs; Trinity Labs for the assembly guide; Scribble for the z-top constraints; and all open source developers.
